[Filters] Ensure aria-expanded is not set to undefined on mount (#2589)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

- Fixed issue with `Filters` component displaying an undesired margin top and bottom on the button element on Safari ([#2292](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2292))

> - Fixed issue with `Filters` component where its `aria-expanded` attribute was set to an invalid value on mount ([#2589]https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2589)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with `Filters` component where the `aria-expanded` attribute was set to an invalid value on mount ([#2589](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2589))
```

> - Fixed an issue with `Filters` component where the `aria-expanded` attribute was set to an invalid value on mount ([#2589]https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2589)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the `Filters` component where the `aria-expanded` attribute was `undefined` on mount ([#2589](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2589))
```
